feat: selector! macro (#653)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch14-02-contract-dispatchers-library-dispatchers-and-system-calls.md

{{#label syscalls}}
<span class="caption">Listing {{#ref syscalls}}: A sample contract using syscalls</span>

> To use this syscall, we passed in the contract address, the function we want to call, and the call arguments.

Author: Indeed, but it seemed logical not to mention the specifics of how the function is passed, but rather say vaguely that it takes in the function to call, before the entry point selector is explained below.
Can add it back if you prefer though

> To use this syscall, we passed in the contract address, the function we want to call, and the call arguments.

Reviewer: @enitrat what do you think?

> To use this syscall, we passed in the contract address, the function we want to call, and the call arguments.

Reviewer: @JimmyFate  i think its better to add it back.  Moreover, the selector is introduced a few lines after that. You can add a small references to the entrypoint selector section if you want, or just add "(see next section)" or something like that.

The call arguments must be provided as an array of `felt252`. To build this array, we serialize the expected function parameters into an `Array<felt252>` using the `Serde` trait, and then pass this array as calldata. At the end, we are returned a serialized value which we'll need to deserialize ourselves!

> In Starknet contract context, a **selector** is an identifier through which a function is callable in transactions or in other classes.

Author: [remove unnecessary](https://github.com/cairo-book/cairo-book/pull/653/commits/6cda7b399164033e5ddb5f3eaeea0a28a774f9d2)

> Note that in `starknet::call_contract_syscall` we didn't specify the function name as a string (ByteArray), but rather used the `selector!` macro, which produces the selector by computing a `sn_keccak` hash on its input.

Author: [reword sentence](https://github.com/cairo-book/cairo-book/pull/653/commits/a2ade67cf5d19ca61287f32f3540b18ca750f24d)

{{#label syscalls}}
<span class="caption">Listing {{#ref syscalls}}: A sample contract using syscalls</span>

To use this syscall, we passed in the contract address, the selector of the function we want to call (see next section), and the call arguments.

The call arguments must be provided as an array of `felt252`. To build this array, we serialize the expected function parameters into an `Array<felt252>` using the `Serde` trait, and then pass this array as calldata. At the end, we are returned a serialized value which we'll need to deserialize ourselves!

### Entry Point Selector

> In Starknet contract context, a **selector** is an identifier through which a function is callable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the context of a smart contract, a selector is a unique identifier for a specific entrypoint of a contract. When a transaction is sent to a contract, it includes the selector in the calldata to specify which function should be executed.

On Starknet, the selector is computed by applying the `sn_keccak` hash function to the string representation of the function name. If the function name is `transfer`, the selector can be computed with `selector!("transfer")`
```
